All right guys so let's make sure that this is working 100 percent now.
OK so let's play a little bit with this what I want to do is I want to make sure that these data right
here this English not these data but the selected functionality when we click it when we send information.
If I say English I want it to stay there in English and select that English and be that selection there
you know.
So we have to achieve you call selected that we need to include in his value option element in his option
element.
So we need to use BHP to detect the data and then assign some type of value accordingly.
OK so let's play a little bit with this.
I'm going to be using one of these guys here because I want to check to see if the session said that
we can use temporary operations here it is easier but I'm just gonna keep l school and and keep this
simple.
So if the session is set lang session and do this
the session Lang is equal to English he and then we want to echo select it just like that OK.
That's exactly what we're gonna do for the other one.
Simple as that and I'm gonna take this in BHP stuff code and stuff and it's gonna place it right there
and I say yes and
that looks like about right OK.
So I know my form is sending the right data we have the action field empty.
So that's good because we are submitting data to this page so we got to make sure that everything is
working let's just refresh a here and when I click Spanish then we are getting some refresh problems
there let's start debugging this a little bit.
OK.
So right now I'm checking to see you know what whoops.
I think I'm missing something that I had here for some reason.
Let's just do this check.
I think I deleted this by mistake.
Make sure that this is not empty
actually.
It's to get OK let's make sure that that's not empty and if he said
here we're gonna change our logic a little bit.
Actually a lot because we are saying here in the session Lang is set an essential line is equal to Lang.
No we don't want it to be equal to Lang if it's not equal to Lang we need to refresh it because we don't.
If Izzy already equals equal to Spanish we don't want a refresher.
But if he's not equal to Spanish if he's equal to English we want to refresh it.
So our real values can actually you know be there are other values.
Let me explain to you what's happening right here.
So if I click English I won this English there to test to be there.
Okay.
He's already selected those we already included that functionality but right here is not going to refresh
if I click English again.
Okay.
So that's exactly what we're doing right now.
If I click something else he's going to refresh.
Okay.
So that's exactly the same function I do that I got right here.
Now the problem with this is that let me see.
We need to include that inside.
And this is one of the reasons why my team might not be working.
This needs to be in its own if statement and this needs to be in its own means.
If statement.
One of the reasons.
Let's check the files okay.
Let's go back to registration now we need to start changing things in registration to make it work.
Let's go back here to register and right now.
Just some BHP tags
OK.
And we are going to echo the register.
There we go.
Now refresh if I can put this in Spanish.
You can see that he changed to Spanish.
He's trapped.
And I don't I'm not even sure if I'm spending it right.
All right.
Let's change a place holders instead of the labels because the labels is only working if it's another
device.
Right now let's just change this and the PSP echo and this would be their user name right.
So on the score username I'm going to do this for all of them all the place holders we got their I'm
going to recap in a minute if you guys they now understand what's going on.
Okay let's just put email here and we got one last one which is password a password
and we go Oh and we've got the button here I think this here
we can use the register there we go.
So there you go.
If I click English you can see now that says register enter your username your e-mail and your password.
Spanish he said that that number you swipe it to quarter to clothing and he used that there right here.
Awesome.
Right.
So a little a quick recap on our functionalities here.
OK.
So let's start from the form.
This is the form right here and here when we change when we select something else we are going to trigger
his own change event handler here.
This own change is going this javascript code is going to you know do something for us.
Right.
And in this case is going to execute this function called Change language right here.
Whatever is inside its function is going to be executed.
Right now we're getting the form and we are submitting.
That's all we're doing.
Every time we change a value in this select right here element we are executing we are submitting the
form.
And when we submit the form get data is going to be submitted and get data.
If you don't remember get data is going to be right here under your url.
So that's why you always going to see some values here.
Because by default the method get get data is going to be in the URL.
OK.
What is that.
Get Data.
Well I get data is included inside this value right here in the option element right now is going to
be either N E N or E S depending on the selection that I have here.
So if I select e n which would be the first option if I selected then these data E N is going to be
submitted to r d very well right here.
Basically it's going to be equal right here.
OK.
Get Lang.
That's what e end would be.
That's where we would be.
So if he said we're good and if he's not empty we are good.
And then once we have that data we are going to be assigning it to a session now.
They e n is going to be held in this session.
And now what we're doing is we're checking to see if we set.
Because if he said everything is good right.
And if it's not equal to Lang right.
To what it's currently on the Select element then we are going to refresh it.
So if it's not equal to Spanish if it's equal to English right like this we are going to refresh us
or our new data will pop up.
Right.
And then here once all this is done right we've got another.
If said or if statement you're saying listen if the session Lang is set OK in this case is e n right.
Because that's what we got right here then we are going to include that file dynamically the session
has the e end and then we are completing that with that BHP so that's going to be the name of the file
which is including our languages directory.
OK.
But if it's not said then we are including a default file which is in in small words the English file.
Right.
IAN OK super simple.
So we are including data from another file depending on the values of this get request that we are setting
right here.
Simple as that.
OK.
And then we are refreshing the page so that way we can see the new values super simple guys.
I hope this was a very very good data for you a very good knowledge.
I hope you take advantage of a and you translate some parts of your site or maybe a whole site.
And you know I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you so much for the support you guys gave me.
If you're now reading this course five star please do it now because I'm going to be putting some more
cool lectures for you late on this course as far as I know less I cannot do it anymore I would keep
putting lectures out there so you guys can learn more and more and more.
See you in the next lectures or CNN its course guys.
OK.
Because remember we are done with this cause a long time ago.
But I'll keep I keep adding lectures for you.
Take care and I'll see you later.